Clean up redirected links (#20137)
dotnet/docs: docs/samples-and-tutorials/index.md

This tutorial demonstrates many of the features of LINQ and the language elements that support it. The [completed sample](https://github.com/dotnet/samples/tree/master/csharp/getting-started/console-linq) is available in the dotnet/samples repository on GitHub.

> **[Getting started with .NET Core on macOS using Visual Studio for Mac](../core/tutorials/with-visual-studio-mac.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Tutorial: Create a .NET Core console application using Visual Studio for Mac](../core/tutorials/with-visual-studio-mac.md)**
```

> **[Tutorial: Create a .NET Core console application using Visual Studio for Mac](../core/tutorials/with-visual-studio-mac.md)**

Author: I just reran the tool and it did catch that one. Not sure why it didn't catch it the first time. I'll merge this PR and rerun it.
